♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Tea: WE'RE ALMOST
THERE, SERENITY.
THANKS, TEA.
I HAVE TO SEE THIS PLACE
BEFORE I GO HOME.
I MEAN, THIS IS THE TOWN
WHERE THE ENTIRE BATTLE
CITY TOURNAMENT BEGAN.
YOU GOTTA MAKE SURE
WE HIT EVERY SINGLE SPOT.
YOU'RE GETTING
THE COMPLETE TOUR.
NOW FOR STOP
NUMBER ONE:
THE DOMINO MUSEUM!
Woman: COME ON,
STICK TOGETHER, KIDS!
Man: WHAT TIME IS IT?
IS THERE
A GIFT SHOP HERE?
Tea: NOTICE
ANYTHING FAMILIAR?
[GASPS]
I DO!
THAT LOOKS
LIKE YUGI!
IS THIS
THE STONE TABLET
EVERYONE WAS
TALKING ABOUT?
YUP.
THIS IS WHERE IT
ALL STARTED.
Woman: MY PHARAOH,
I'VE BEEN
EXPECTING YOU.
OH!
WHO ARE YOU?
I AM ISHIZU.
AND I HAVE UNCOVERED
MANY MYSTERIES ABOUT YOU
AND THESE ANCIENT CARVINGS
USING THE MAGIC
OF MY MILLENNIUM NECKLACE.
Yugi: ANOTHER
MILLENNIUM ITEM!
LIKE YOUR
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE,
THIS NECKLACE AFFORDS
ME CERTAIN POWERS.
WITH IT I HAVE GAZED 5,000
YEARS INTO THE PAST
TO A TIME WHEN
EVIL SORCERERS
THREATENED TO DESTROY
THE ENTIRE WORLD.
[GASPS]
HOWEVER...
THERE WAS ONE KING
WHO POSSESSED A MAGIC
POWERFUL ENOUGH TO STOP
THIS EVIL THREAT.
AND WHO WAS
THIS KING?
THE PHARAOH WHO SAVED
THE WORLD WAS YOU, YAMI.
AND NOW THE TIME HAS COME
FOR YOU TO RESCUE
MANKIND ONCE AGAIN.
TO RESCUE MANKIND
FROM WHAT?
HOW DO YOU KNOW
THE WORLD IS IN DANGER
OF BEING
DESTROYED AGAIN?
MY MILLENNIUM NECKLACE
ALSO SHOWS ME
VISIONS OF THE FUTURE...
OH, MY PHARAOH...
THE EVENTS OF THE PAST
WILL OCCUR ONCE AGAIN,
AND THAT SAME GREAT EVIL
WILL RETURN TO THREATEN US.
Serenity: SO,
THAT'S WHY YUGI
JOINED THE BATTLE
CITY TOURNAMENT!
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND WHEN JOEY
FOUND OUT,
HE JOINED TO HELP YUGI
SAVE THE WORLD!
THIS IS WHERE JOEY
FOUGHT HIS FIRST DUEL
OF THE TOURNAMENT--
AGAINST THAT LAME-O,
ESPA ROBA.
YOU WANT TO DUEL?
HMM?
TAKE MY ADVICE AND STAY
AWAY FROM THIS FREAK!
HE'S ESPA ROBA.
HE DUELS USING ESP!
YOU MEAN
HE'S PSYCHO?
NO!
PSYCHIC!
HE'LL MIND-READ
THE CARDS
IN YOUR HAND!
HE'LL KNOW WHAT
MOVE YOU'LL MAKE
BEFORE YOU DO!
LET'S DUEL!
THAT'S RIGHT!
I REMEMBER EVERYTHING
ABOUT THIS DUEL!
I WAS IN THE HOSPITAL
AFTER MY EYE OPERATION,
AND TRISTAN WAS GIVING ME
THE PLAY-BY-PLAY!
MY BIG BROTHER'S
NEVER LET ME DOWN.
NOW IT'S MY TURN
TO DO WHATEVER
I CAN TO HELP OUT!
I MAY NOT
BE NEXT TO HIM,
BUT CAN YOU HELP ME BE
WITH HIM IN SPIRIT?
PRETTY PLEASE?
YOU BET I CAN.
NOW, LET'S GET
BACK TO THE DUEL
AND CHEER THAT BROTHER
YOURS TILL HE WINS!
GREAT!
IT'S SHOWTIME!
I'LL SACRIFICE YOUR
SWORDSMAN OF LANDSTAR,
AND I'LL SUMMON JINZO!
[GASPS]
THE END IS NEAR,
WHEELER!
[ROARING]
YOU'RE MINE, WHEELER!
NOW, JINZO...
ATTACK HIS THOUSAND DRAGON
WITH CYBER ENERGY SHOCK!
[ROARS]
[GRUNTING]
NOW THAT MY
DRAGON'S GONE,
HOW LONG CAN
I HOLD ON?!
Serenity: WAIT A SEC!
THIS IS WHERE I SAW JOEY
DUELING FOR THE FIRST TIME.
ISN'T IT?
YEAH, THIS IS
THE SPOT.
TO TELL YOU
THE TRUTH, SERENITY,
IT WAS ONE OF THE WORST
DAYS OF MY LIFE!
OH, NO! TEA!
THIS MAY COME AS
AN UNPLEASANT SURPRISE,
BUT LIKE YOUR FRIEND JOEY,
TEA, TOO, IS UNDER
MY CONTROL!
[LAUGHS]
SURPRISED?
MARIK, LEAVE
HER ALONE NOW!
SHE'S DONE
NOTHING TO YOU!
HA HA!
LOOKS LIKE I'VE TURNED
YOUR CLOSEST FRIENDS
INTO YOUR GREATEST ENEMIES.
YOU'RE AT MY MERCY!
TEA!
Joey: I'VE ATTACKED YOUR
LIFE POINTS YET AGAIN, YUGI!
[LAUGHS]
YOU'RE FINISHED!
AS SOON AS I WIPE
OUT THE REST,
THAT ANCHOR WILL DROP
TAKING YOU WITH IT
RIGHT INTO THE SEA!
MARIK, I CAN ASSURE YOU
THAT YOU'LL NEVER GET
AWAY WITH YOUR PLAN!
Marik: IGNORE THAT FOOL,
MY SERVANT!
AND USE YOUR METEOR
OF DESTRUCTION
TO FINISH HIM OFF!
AS SOON AS YOU
PLAY THAT CARD,
LITTLE YUGI WILL RECEIVE
1,000 POINTS WORTH OF DAMAGE,
DESTROYING HIM!
AND HIS MOST PRIZED
POSSESSIONS WILL BE MINE!
NOW, DO AS I COMMAND
AND DELIVER THE FINAL
STRIKE AGAINST HIM!
Yugi: THIS IS IT,
JOEY!
YOU HAVE TO REMEMBER
WHO YOU ARE, NOW!
Marik: NOW, DESTROY HIM!
NO!
Marik: DESTROY YUGI!
GET OUT OF MY HEAD!
YOUR FEEBLE BRAIN
IS NO MATCH FOR ME!
SO, PLAY METEOR
OF DESTRUCTION NOW.
YOU BELONG TO ME!
UNDERSTAND?
I COMMAND YOU
TO VANQUISH YUGI!
I CAN'T!
HE'S MY BEST FRIEND!
I WON'T DESTROY YUGI!
Tea: IT'S A GOOD THING
YOUR BROTHER
HAS SUCH A STRONG HEAD
OR HE NEVER WOULD HAVE
BROKEN MARIK'S MIND CONTROL!
BUT IT'S NOT LIKE I
HAVE TO TELL YOU THAT...
YOU WERE THERE TO SEE
IT ALL YOURSELF!
MM-HMM.
I KNOW.
IT WAS JOEY'S BRAVERY
THAT GAVE ME
THE CONFIDENCE I NEEDED
TO TAKE MY BANDAGES OFF!
OF COURSE, I NEVER
COULD HAVE IMAGINED
WHAT HAPPENED NEXT.
I CAN SEE...
Joey: HANG IN THERE, YUG!
YOU'LL BE OUT OF THOSE
CHAINS IN NO TIME!
WHOA!
IT'S JOEY!
ALMOST THERE!
GOTTA BEAT THE CLOCK!
[GRUNTING]
Tea: THAT ANCHOR'S GOING
TO DRAG BOTH OF THEM DOWN!
[GRUNTING]
JOEY!
TRISTAN!
YUGI, I'LL SAVE YOU!
I TOLD YOU I WOULDN'T
LET YOU DOWN.
[GASPS]
YUGI!
SERENITY!
Tea: SHE'S GOT THE KEY!
[ALL GASP]
SERENITY?
Tea: SHE DID IT!
I THOUGHT THE INSANITY
WAS OVER AFTER THAT.
BOY, WAS I WRONG!
[LAUGHS]
IT WAS OFF
TO THE BATTLE
CITY FINALS
FOR MORE MADNESS.
ALL RIGHT,
LISTEN UP!
IT'S TIME TO BOARD
"KAIBA KRAFT 3"
FOR THE START OF
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS!
YUGI, I'M AWARE THAT
YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
SINCE YOU WON IT,
BUT IT'S TIME
FOR THAT TO END
RIGHT HERE AND NOW.
AND THEN WHEN
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
ARE ALL OVER...
I'LL BE THE WORLD'S
GREATEST DUELIST
AND THE OWNER OF ALL
3 EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS,
MAKING MY DECK
UNBEATABLE.
PREPARE TO EXPERIENCE
A POWER LIKE NO OTHER!
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
[SCREAMS]
I SUMMON
THE ALMIGHTY...
SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON!
[ROARS]
AND NOW I'LL SUMMON
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD...
SHOW YOURSELF,
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR!
[LAUGHING]
Marik: UNLOCK YOUR POWERS
FROM DEEP WITHIN
SO THAT TOGETHER
WE MAY WIN.
APPEAR IN THIS SHADOW GAME
AS I CALL YOUR NAME,
WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
[ROARS]
IT'S TIME NOW...
TO END THIS DUEL!
[LAUGHING]
[SHUDDERS]
BOY, IT'S GETTING
KIND OF CHILLY.
WE SHOULD GET GOING.
YEAH...
THERE'S STILL PLENTY
LEFT TO SEE!
[CHATTERING]
Boy: NICE MOVE!
NEXT I'LL SACRIFICE
ROCKET WARRIOR
IN ORDER TO SUMMON MY
JINZO TO THE FIELD!
[ROAR]
WHOA!
WOW, CHECK OUT ALL
THESE KIDS DUELING!
I BET THEY ALL
WANT TO GROW UP
TO BE CHAMPION
DUELISTS.
AND, THANKS
TO KAIBA CORP,
THEY CAN GET ALL THE
PRACTICE THAT THEY NEED!
'CAUSE NOW THESE
VIRTUAL DUELS
CAN HAPPEN ANYWHERE!
NEXT, I'LL PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN.
THAT ENDS MY TURN.
Serenity: IT'S SO CUTE
TO SEE KIDS DUELING.
NOT QUITE.
HUH?
UH...MMM.
SORRY...
YOU JUST REMINDED ME
OF THAT KID NOAH,
AND HE WAS ANYTHING
BUT CUTE.
Yugi: LOOK, NOAH!
YOU OVERPOWERED KAIBA USING
DECEIT AND BETRAYAL!
THEN YOU USED YOUR
VIRTUAL TECHNOLOGY
TO TURN HIM AND MOKUBA
INTO STONE!
IF YOU THINK THAT MAKES
YOU A SUPERIOR DUELIST,
YOU'RE SADLY MISTAKEN.
YUGI!
WE'RE ALL HERE
FOR YOU!
I'VE DECIDED TO PUT
YOUR FATE IN HIS HANDS!
SO, WITH EVERY TURN THAT
YUGI FAILS TO DEFEAT ME,
ANOTHER OF YOU WILL
BE TURNED TO STONE!
YOU'LL BE FROZEN IN TIME
WITH A LOOK OF DESPAIR
ON YOUR FACE!
BECAUSE YUGI
FAILED TO SAVE YOU!
AND IN THE END, YUGI,
YOU'LL BE LEFT IN
THE MIDDLE OF A CIRCLE
OF MOTIONLESS STATUES THAT
WERE ONCE YOUR FRIENDS.
SAY GOOD-BYE.
AAH!
NO! JOEY!
I WILL SAVE MY FRIENDS.
JUST WATCH ME.
YOU INSIST ON HUMILIATING
YOURSELF, DON'T YOU?
I WON'T STOP UNTIL
YOU'RE DEFEATED, NOAH.
I PLAY MONSTER REBORN!
IT CAN REVIVE ANY
MONSTER YOU SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
INCLUDING KAIBA'S
BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON!
IT CAN'T BE!
NOW, I ACTIVATE
THIS CARD...
POLYMERIZATION!
THIS ALLOWS ME
TO FUSE MY BLUE-EYES
ON THE FIELD
WITH THE TWO OTHER
BLUE-EYES CARDS
IN MY HAND!
OH!
NOW, BEHOLD THE POWER
OF MY BLUE-EYES
ULTIMATE DRAGON!
[ROAR]
NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE MY
QUICK ATTACK MAGIC CARD.
THIS LETS MY DRAGON
ATTACK RIGHT NOW!
HINO-KAGU-TSUCHI
IS FINISHED!
AAH!
IT'S NOT OVER YET!
NOAH, YOU'RE WRONG!
THANKS TO THE NEXT
MAGIC CARD IN MY HAND!
DE-FUSION!
[GASP]
IT SEPARATES MY
BEAST BACK INTO
3 SEPARATE DRAGONS,
EACH WITH 3,000
ATTACK POINTS!
NO! WAIT!
THERE MUST BE
SOMETHING I CAN DO!
YOU'VE BEEN EXPOSED
AS THE FRIGHTENED
CHILD YOU TRULY ARE!
BLUE-EYES WHITE
DRAGONS, ATTACK!
WIPE HIM OUT!
[WHIMPERING]
AAH!
THIS MADNESS IS
FINALLY OVER, NOAH!
WELL...
IT WASN'T HIS FAULT.
NOAH WAS JUST LONELY,
THAT'S ALL.
HE HAD NO FRIENDS.
YEAH, HE WAS JUST BITTER
'CAUSE HE HAD NO ONE TO
PLAY WITH FOR SO LONG.
TIME TO BRING OUT
MY SUMMONED SKULL!
BUT IN THE END NOAH
REALIZED HE WAS WRONG.
YEAH.
I'M GLAD I GOT
TO KNOW MY BROTHER.
SO...
DOES THIS MEAN YOU'RE
NOT COMING BACK?
I'M AFRAID THERE'S SOMETHING
I STILL HAVE TO DO, MOKUBA.
I'M SORRY...
BUT I CAN'T LET
YOU HURT THEM.
SO I'M KEEPING YOU
TRAPPED IN HERE.
SOUND FAMILIAR?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I COMMAND YOU TO RELEASE
ME IMMEDIATELY, NOAH!
I'M GOING TO FREE YOUR MIND
AND MAKE SURE YOU NEVER
HARM ANYONE AGAIN!
NO!
Woman on P.A.: WARNING.
VIRTUAL MELTDOWN.
NO! LET ME GO!
YOU CAN'T
KEEP ME HERE!
AAH!
AT LEAST NOAH GOT
TO FEEL WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO HAVE FRIENDS.
GOOD POINT.
HEY, NICE DUEL!
YEAH...NICE 'CAUSE
I KICKED YOUR BUTT!
THAT'S BECAUSE
I LET YOU WIN.
[BOTH LAUGH]
NOW, LET'S PLAY AGAIN!
THESE KIDS
ARE KIND OF CUTE.
BUT THEY'RE ONLY
DUELING FOR FUN.
WHEN YUGI DUELED
IN BATTLE CITY,
A LOT MORE WAS AT STAKE.
YUGI, WAIT UP!
SO YOU'RE ACTUALLY
GONNA GO AHEAD WITH
THIS DUEL UP THERE?
DID YOU FORGET
HOW MANY PEOPLE
HAVE GOTTEN HURT IN
THE TOURNAMENT SO FAR?
PLEASE, YUGI!
ENOUGH'S ENOUGH.
I CAN'T STRAND
THE THOUGHT OF
LOSING YOU, TOO!
JUST END IT!
IT'S NOT WORTH
ALL THIS SUFFERING!
THIS TOURNAMENT'S BEEN
NOTHING BUT BAD NEWS.
I KNOW.
HUH?
BUT IF I WALK AWAY NOW,
THAT MEANS EVERYONE
SUFFERED FOR NOTHING.
TEA, REMEMBER
WHAT WE LEARNED
ON OUR TRIP TO
THE DOMINO MUSEUM?
ABOUT MY DESTINY?
OH!
YES!
WE FOUND OUT THAT
YOU WERE A PHARAOH
IN ANCIENT EGYPT.
AND THAT NOW YOU NEED
TO SAVE THE WORLD AGAIN
FROM SOME EVIL THINGY,
LIKE YOU DID
5,000 YEARS AGO!
TEA!
OH!
DO YOU NOW UNDERSTAND WHY
BACKING OUT OF THE TOURNAMENT
IS NOT AN OPTION?
YEAH, BUT...
NO "BUTS" TEA!
THE REASON I JOINED
THE BATTLE CITY TOURNAMENT
WAS TO FULFILL
ISHIZU'S PROPHESY
AND STOP THIS GREAT EVIL
FROM ENDANGERING MANKIND.
AND WHEN JOEY FOUND OUT,
HE VOWED TO HELP ME...
NO MATTER HOW
TOUGH THE FIGHT.
AND THAT'S WHY
I MUST PRESS ON.
OTHERWISE NOT ONLY WOULD
I BE GIVING UP ON JOEY,
I'D BE GIVING UP
ON THE ENTIRE WORLD!
THERE'S TOO MUCH
AT STAKE TO LOSE.
WE'RE RIGHT HERE!
GOOD.
Tea: I KNOW YOU
CAN WIN THIS, YUGI!
THE LAST DUEL'S
ABOUT TO BEGIN...
MARIK ISHTAR
WILL FACE YUGI MUTO,
AND THE WINNER WILL RECEIVE
THE BATTLE CITY CROWN!
LET THE FUN BEGIN NOW!
OH, NO, IT'S ANOTHER
SHADOW GAME!
YOU'VE WITNESSED SEVERAL
OF MY SHADOW GAMES BEFORE,
BUT THIS ONE
WILL BE DIFFERENT.
I'VE THROWN IN A FEW TWISTS
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU!
HA HA HA!
MEET MY NEXT VICTIM!
[GASP]
[LAUGHTER]
OH, NO!
LOSE THE DUEL AND YUGI GOES
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
MARIK, THIS IS
ABOUT YOU AND ME,
SO LEAVE HIM ALONE.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
YOU'RE FORGETTING
MY WEAKER HALF.
HE'S INVOLVED IN
THIS CONFLICT AS WELL.
SO, IF I LOSE,
THE SHADOWS WILL TAKE HIM!
NO, YOU CAN'T!
I JUST DID!
THE SHADOW REALM WILL
CLAIM AN INNOCENT SOUL
NO MATTER WHO WINS!
HA HA HA!
SHOWING SERENITY AROUND TOWN
BROUGHT BACK SO MANY
MEMORIES ABOUT MY FRIENDS
AND THE BATTLE
CITY TOURNAMENT.
NOW EVERYONE'S GOING
THEIR SEPARATE WAYS.
I GUESS IT'S TIME TO GO.
YUP.
I'M JUST GLAD THAT
EVERYTHING TURNED OUT
OK IN THE END.
AND THE WINNER OF THE BATTLE
CITY CHAMPIONSHIP CROWN
IS YUGI MUTO!
YEAH!
WAY TO GO, YUGI!
OH, YEAH!
THAT'S WHAT I
CALL A DUEL!
NICE DUEL!
AND AS THE WINNER,
YOU GET TO KEEP
THE RAREST CARD FROM
YOUR OPPONENT'S DECK.
TAKE THIS, MY RAREST CARD.
AND REMEMBER, YOU'RE GOING
TO NEED THIS CARD, PHARAOH.
THE WINGED DRAGON
OF RA.
WE HAVE ALL 3 OF
THE EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS!
BUT NOW THAT THEY'RE
IN OUR DECK,
WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED
TO DO WITH THEM?
HOW CAN WE USE
THESE CARDS
TO UNLOCK THE HIDDEN
POWERS OF THE PHARAOH?
WE NEED MORE
INFORMATION!
NOW THAT YUGI
HAS EVERYTHING HE NEEDS
TO FINISH HIS JOURNEY,
I WONDER IF I'LL
EVER SEE HIM AGAIN.
HEY, TEA...
AH, TEA?
[GASP]
WHAT?
THANK YOU.
I KNOW YOU WENT
OUT OF YOUR WAY
TO SHOW ME AROUND
THE CITY TODAY.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO...
AND IT MEANT
SO MUCH TO ME.
HOLD ON!
IS IT 2:00 ALREADY?
I'M TOTALLY LATE!
OH, NO!
DID YOU HAVE SOMETHING
IMPORTANT TO DO, TEA?
WELL, SORT OF.
I'M SORRY.
I MEAN,
I DIDN'T REALIZE
I WAS GONNA
MESS UP YOUR PLANS.
I WISH YOU
HAD TOLD ME.
I NEVER WOULD
HAVE DRAGGED YOU
AROUND TOWN.
DON'T WORRY,
SERENITY.
I'M NOT THAT LATE.
BUT I HAVE TO HURRY.
BEFORE LONG, YUGI MIGHT
BE GONE FOREVER.
I MEAN...
WHO KNOWS WHERE FATE'S
GONNA TAKE HIM NEXT?
OH, WELL.
I HAVE A TRAIN
TO CATCH.
OH. RIGHT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE
GONNA BE SO FAR AWAY!
I WON'T!
HUH?
I'LL BE CLOSE, TEA.
IT'S TRUE.
IT'S LIKE JOEY
ALWAYS TELLS ME.
HE'S CONNECTED
TO YOU GUYS
WITH A SPECIAL BOND
OF FRIENDSHIP
THAT CAN
NEVER BREAK!
JOEY SAID THAT TO YOU?
HA HA.
I KNEW HE WAS
A BIG SOFTY.
NOW I FEEL LIKE I'M
ONE OF YOU GUYS, TEA!
BUT YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN
ONE OF US, SERENITY,
EVER SINCE WE
FIRST MET YOU.
THAT MEANS WE'LL
NEVER BE FAR APART.
THAT'S RIGHT.
[SIGH]
BYE, TEA!
FOR NOW!
I'LL SEE YA LATER,
SERENITY.
SHE'S RIGHT.
NO MATTER HOW FAR APART
I AM FROM MY FRIENDS,
THEY'RE ALWAYS
RIGHT HERE IN MY HEART.
I KNOW YUGI AND I
WILL ALWAYS BE FRIENDS,
NO MATTER
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT...
BUT I'M NOT READY
FOR HIM TO GO AWAY YET.
I GUESS ALL I CAN DO IS ENJOY
THE TIME WE HAVE TOGETHER.
YOO-HOO! YUGI!
OVER HERE!
YUGI!